__TOC__
https://redis.io/documentation
```
Successfully built b85b4246e9f8  
Successfully tagged compose_app:latest  
WARNING: Image for service app was built because it did not already exist. To rebuild this image you must use `docker-compose build` or `docker-compose up --build`.  
Creating compose_redis_1 ... done  
Creating compose_app_1   ... done  
Attaching to compose_redis_1, compose_app_1  
redis_1  | 1:C 08 Jul 18:12:21.851 # Warning: no config file specified, using the default config. In order to specify a config file use redis-server /path/to/redis.conf  
redis_1  |                 _._  
redis_1  |            _.-``__ ''-._  
redis_1  |       _.-``    `.  `_.  ''-._           Redis 3.2.12 (00000000/0) 64 bit  
redis_1  |   .-`` .-```.  ```\/    _.,_ ''-._  
redis_1  |  (    '      ,       .-`  | `,    )     Running in standalone mode  
redis_1  |  |`-._`-...-` __...-.``-._|'` _.-'|     Port: 6379  
redis_1  |  |    `-._   `._    /     _.-'    |     PID: 1  
redis_1  |   `-._    `-._  `-./  _.-'    _.-'  
redis_1  |  |`-._`-._    `-.__.-'    _.-'_.-'|  
redis_1  |  |    `-._`-._        _.-'_.-'    |           http://redis.io  
redis_1  |   `-._    `-._`-.__.-'_.-'    _.-'  
redis_1  |  |`-._`-._    `-.__.-'    _.-'_.-'|  
redis_1  |  |    `-._`-._        _.-'_.-'    |  
redis_1  |   `-._    `-._`-.__.-'_.-'    _.-'  
redis_1  |       `-._    `-.__.-'    _.-'  
redis_1  |           `-._        _.-'  
redis_1  |               `-.__.-'  
redis_1  |  
redis_1  | 1:M 08 Jul 18:12:21.852 # WARNING: The TCP backlog 
```

==RDB snapshotting fails== 

```
MISCONF Redis is configured to save RDB snapshots, but it is currently not able to 
persist on disk. Commands that may modify the data set are disabled, because this 
instance is configured to report errors during writes if RDB snapshotting fails 
(stop-writes-on-bgsave-error option). Please check the Redis logs for details 
about the RDB error.

ResponseError at /en/
Request Method:	GET
Django Version:	2.1.5
Exception Type:	ResponseError
Exception Location:	/env/lib/python3.7/site-packages/redis/connection.py in 
read_response, line 629
```
===Compose===
```
redis_1 | 1:C 21 Mar 2019 00:51:04.418 # oO0OoO0OoO0Oo Redis is starting oO0OoO0OoO0Oo
redis_1 | 1:C 21 Mar 2019 00:51:04.418 # Redis version=5.0.4, bits=64, commit=00000000, 
modified=0, pid=1, just started
redis_1 | 1:C 21 Mar 2019 00:51:04.418 # Warning: no config file specified, using the 
default config. In order to specify a config file use redis-server /path/to/redis.conf
redis_1 | 1:M 21 Mar 2019 00:51:04.422 * Running mode=standalone, port=6379.
redis_1 | 1:M 21 Mar 2019 00:51:04.422 # WARNING: The TCP backlog setting of 511 cannot 
be enforced because /proc/sys/net/core/somaxconn is set to the lower value of 128.
redis_1 | 1:M 21 Mar 2019 00:51:04.422 # Server initialized
redis_1 | 1:M 21 Mar 2019 00:51:04.423 # WARNING overcommit_memory is set to 0! 
Background save may fail under low memory condition. To fix this issue add 
'vm.overcommit_memory = 1' to /etc/sysctl.conf and then reboot or run the command 
'sysctl vm.overcommit_memory=1' for this to take effect.
redis_1 | 1:M 21 Mar 2019 00:51:04.423 # WARNING you have Transparent Huge Pages (THP) 
support enabled in your kernel. This will create latency and memory usage issues with 
Redis. To fix this issue run the command 'echo never > /sys/kernel/mm/transparent_
hugepage/enabled' as root, and add it to your /etc/rc.local in order to retain the 
setting after a reboot. Redis must be restarted after THP is disabled.
redis_1 | 1:M 21 Mar 2019 00:51:04.423 * Ready to accept connections
```

===Solusi===
```
$ docker ps
CONTAINER ID  IMAGE             COMMAND                 PORTS                    
d66073a577ee  redis:5.0-alpine  "docker-entrypoint.s…"  0.0.0.0:6379->6379/tcp 
```